# QuickWash
This repository represents QuickWash, a laundry appointment scheduling system intended to alleviate the laundry issues at the George Alleyne Hall. 138 Student Living Jamaica Limited (138SL) is a Jamaican company that provides student accommodations at the University of the West Indies (UWI) Mona campus. 138SL currently operates three (3) halls of residence on the UWI Mona campus; this includes The Leslie Robinson Hall, the George Alleyne Hall, and Irvine Hall, in which they provide laundry services to its residents. These laundry services include self-operated washing and drying machines and ‘VIP’ services in which residents drop off their laundry to be washed, dried, and ironed. 
More specifically, the laundry service at the George Alleyne Hall has been tedious for residents to navigate, with residents stating that 138SL protocols require them to:

1. Visit the main office to purchase tokens between Monday to Friday, 8:30 to 16:00.
2. Only use cash or Lynk payments when purchasing tokens.
3. Laundry tokens must be presented in order to set a laundry appointment.

This system has often not been conducive to students’ schedules. In addition, there are currently no token purchasing limits; meaning that some residents typically purchase a large quantity of tokens for personal use or resale, which causes a token shortage at the main office. Then, if the laundry tokens are purchased successfully, they must then be presented to a laundry attendant before being able to set an appointment, in which the laundry staff admitted that this was to mitigate persons setting false appointments without having tokens. This poses an issue in setting an appointment if tokens are out of stock. Usually, the most convenient day or time for an appointment is typically unavailable due to some persons not attending their appointment or users incorrectly stating the amount of loads or type of laundry service they are interested in, which can delay the washing system. Hence, there is a clear need for some service to mitigate these present issues. 

